Update bake command to inflate (#78)
FSHSchool/site: content/docs/SUSHI/running/_index.md

First, you must [install Firely Terminal](https://docs.fire.ly/projects/Firely-Terminal/InstallingFirelyTerminal.html). Then use Firely Terminal to populate the snapshot elements in the dependency package.

1. Run the command: `fhir inflate --package  <packagename>`, substituting the dependency package ID for `<packagename>`.
    * E.g., `fhir inflate --package de.basisprofil.r4`
2. Run SUSHI again. The error about missing snapshots should no longer be displayed.

{{% alert title="Tip" color="success" %}}

> You can see a list of the available Firely Terminal versions [here](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Firely.Terminal#versions-body-tab). Version than 2.5.0-beta-7 or higher is recommended. Version 2.4.2 is not recommended because it contains a bug in the snapshot generator that adversely affects SUSHI processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see a list of the available Firely Terminal versions [here](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Firely.Terminal#versions-body-tab). Version 3.1.0 or higher is required to use the `inflate` command. Versions prior to 3.1.0 offer similar functionality via a `bake` command, but they are no longer recommended.
```

{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}
For Firely Terminal versions prior to 3.1.0, use the command `bake` instead of `inflate` (e.g. `fhir bake --package <packagename>`).
{{% /alert %}}

> 

Reviewer: I'd suggest removing this and updating the note above, as suggested in my prior comment.
